quite a beautiful looking fish aren't
they red mullet and they eat as well as
they look they really do and I think
they need very little help and the only
help I'm going to be giving them here is
with lots and lots of tomatoes and some
nice little shrimps to go with it now
the tomatoes as you can probably see
here I've quickly blanched these in
boiling water just throughout 10 seconds
before refreshing them in ice water and
then peeling them and once they've been
quartered I'm just cutting them into
about a centimeter dice now I did say
lots of tomatoes this is before portions
and I've got one kilo here so there's
quite a lot going on I mean that's just
over 2 pounds of tomatoes but of course
once you've peeled them and deseeded
them that's what you're left with
and as for shrimps here we've got about
175 grams and these beautiful red mullet
for lips I would say probably about 675
grams
there's about a pound and a half fish so
I think with the shrimps and lots and
lots of tomatoes one felissa portion is
going to be absolutely plenty now this
is going to take very little time to
cook so there's something else I want to
make just beforehand and that is going
to be a Caesar salad so we're gonna make
this into a complete meal but this is
going to be very quick and easy Caesar
salad for the Caesar salad place in a
food processor 100 milliliters of
mayonnaise 2 chopped anchovy palates 1
teaspoon of capers
two cloves of crushed garlic 1 teaspoon
of French Dijon mustard a dash of
Worcester sauce a dash of Tabasco sauce
and the juice of half a lemon
now let's have a little look at the
consistency I want to show you this now
I think that's lovely you can see the
lemon juice has really loosened that
actual mayonnaise so consequently you've
got just enough to bind and hold onto
those leaves I don't want it too thin
otherwise it tends to drain to the
bottom of the bowl what I want is I want
it to stick to the leaves and so with
every single bite of the salad you've
got the dressing happening the next
thing is just the salad leaves now I
love these these are just costs leaves
very crispy very lively here we're just
going to break up some sort of mouth
size pieces if you like bite sized
pieces let's call them keeping all the
stalk attached as well because then
we've got a bit of texture
the next thing of course is literally
just to spoon the dressing on top like
this but one other flavor I do like to
add and I don't want to miss and that is
the cheese and of course it's Parmesan
cheese and you could add up to about 50
grams about two ounces but I'm going to
add about 25 grams here because I'm also
going to finish it with a few shavings
just sitting on top so it gives it a
touch more texture now we're going to
just spoon this around
and just pop those leaves into the bowl
just a few parmesan shavings to finish
it off just let them fall onto the salad
so that's it
Caesar salad now of course we're going
to cook the red mullet so let's get this
panel really nice and hot because the
first thing I'm going to do is pan fry
the actual fish now notice whenever I'm
seizing the skin side of a piece of fish
I always just use salt I don't really
want to find those little bits of black
pepper which is going to spoil the
presentation if you like because I'm
going to make sure that there's plenty
of that particular seasoning happening
underneath on the actual Filat itself so
salt and pepper there